Answers 
1. Represents the template.json. I implemented all or most of the parameters since some descriptions were not really exact so i wen with my intuituition. I also used the official Documentation from AWS for creating AWS CloudFormation templates. I added lower cooling times to be more flexible and update instances faster, the min and max range is between 1 and 10 which is just arbitrarely. The scalling happens at 50% of CPU usage which should result in a fast upscale in traffic spikes. The instance creation is just basic where I run an yum update which is extremly common. I also added a www html file since i was not sure what was meant with the file location in the task so added this just for demonstration. I have tested the stack it does not give errors but I didn't test it in production how it would scale. 

2. In order to acomodate large spikes in traffic there are a few things we can do, one approach as already implemented in step 1 
is to set a lower CPU threashold to triger an upscale, for example 50% of CPU Power currently in usage will trigger an upscalle of 2.
This is quite cost intensive and could lead to waste of resources but it would guarantee a higher flexibility for traffic spikes.
Another thing is to adjust the cooling time to as little as possible so that the autoscalling is triggered much more often if there are huge spikes in traffic.
The scalling adjustment could also be setup in such a way sto scale up or down by a larger magnitude, lets say every time 50% of CPU consumption is crossed there are
5 new instances being spinned up.
But if there are extremly large traffic spikes I would suggest using containers with AWS Fargate to manage the instances on AWS behalf. Another approach depending
on the application would be using lambda functions on certain APIs that are quite simple but have to sustain large volumes of request and it would also be much more cost effective.

3. As far as I understand we have a cluster of EC2 instances that run some PHP program on them and we need caching for that. One approach is to use AWS ElastiCache and to create a Redis cluster. We can define that in our template. The next step is copnnecting our ec2 instances to the cache. For that we would need to log into the instance and connect it to the cache cluster there are also things like configuring the correct security group that allows that connection. Of course we can not do that manualy but what we could do is add a script for each EC2 instance creaton to automatically connect with our Redis Cluster upon creation which we can also specify in the template. Another interesting approach would be to directly connect the load balancer to the elastic cache but reading through the documentation I did not find any solution for that. So to recap we would need to connect to our cache from the ec2 instances in our clusted with the correct security groups allowing that. The template could be extended for that functionality.  